
                            README.TXT
                             07/02/13

TB_SETUP.EXE installs the Radiological Toolbox, its associated data files, and 
places the Toolbox icon on the desktop. The default folder for the 
installation is C:\Rad_Toolbox however you can select or define a different
folder. Accept the defaults on any remaining questions. The installation will
conclude with a check on the integrity of the installed data files and the
display of this file. The user guide can be viewed within the Toolbox as a
help file off the main menu. The Toolbox can be removed from the system by 
clicking the executable UNINS000.EXE in the folder in which it was installed.

I. Some Advice

a. Networks.

This software is not intended to reside on a network. It should be installed
on individual machines.
   
b. Vista & Windows 7 Operating Systems.
   
Do not install the software within the Program Files folder. It can be
installed in any other folder on the disk, e.g., C:\My Programs or C:\Tools.
   
The software should be installed by the "administrator". If this is not 
possible, then after completing the installation, right click on the RToolBox
desktop icon, click on Properties, select the Compatibility tab, and under
Privilege Level click "Run this program as an administrator." It is, however, 
best if the software is installed by the "administrator."
   

II. Known bug.
There is one known "bug" in this release:

In some instances, the graphical display of the decay chain may contain
artifacts; e.g., see the Am-242m chain. However the software should not 
crash as the chain is assembled. Needless to say, the decay chain graphics 
has not been tested for all potential parent nuclides.

III. Support
If you encounter any problems running the Rad Toolbox, please contact either
Keith Eckerman (eckermankf@ornl.gov) or Andrea Sjoreen (sjoreenal@ornl.gov) 
at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Comments or questions of a technical
nature should be addressed to Keith Eckerman. Comments on style, usability, 
and of a general nature are welcome and appreciated.

